feat: add kms module (#4)
caetano-colin/terraform-google-enterprise-genai: 2-environments/modules/ml_kms_keyring/README.md

> # ML KMS Keyrings Module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Machine Learning Cloud Key Management Service Keyrings Module
```

<!-- BEGINNING OF PRE-COMMIT-TERRAFORM DOCS HOOK -->
## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| keyring\_admins | IAM members that shall be granted admin on the keyring. Format need to specify member type, i.e. 'serviceAccount:', 'user:', 'group:' | `list(string)` | n/a | yes |

> | keyring\_name | Name to be used for KMS Keyring | `string` | `"sample-keyring"` | no |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| keyring\_name | Name to be used for Cloud Key Management Service Keyring | `string` | `"sample-keyring"` | no |
```
